FDA DISCLAIMER
The statements made regarding these products have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. The efficacy of these products and the testimonials made have not been confirmed by FDA- approved research. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. All information presented here is not meant as a substitute for or alternative to information from health care practitioners. Please consult your healthcare professional about potential interactions or other possible complications before using any product. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act requires this notice. MiOne Brands™ shall not be held liable for the medical claims made by customer testimonials.

These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease or ailment. MiOne Brands™ assumes no responsibility for the improper use of these products. We recommend consulting with a qualified medical doctor or physician when preparing a treatment plan for any and all diseases or ailments. MiOne Brands™ does not make any health claims about our products and recommend consulting with a qualified medical doctor or physician prior to consuming our products or preparing a treatment plan. It is especially important for those who are pregnant, nursing, chronically ill, elderly or under the age of 21 to discuss the use of these products with a physician prior to consuming. You must be 21 years or older to visit this website and/or purchase MiOne Brands™ products. The information on our website is intended to provide general information regarding our products and is not to be construed as medical advice or instruction. All products ship in accordance with the PACT Act.

THC DISCLAIMER
PRODUCTS ON THIS SITE CONTAIN A VALUE OF 0.3% OR LESS Δ9-THC (OR NO MORE THAN 0.3% Δ9-THC). THESE STATEMENTS HAVE NOT BEEN EVALUATED BY THE FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION. THIS PRODUCT IS NOT INTENDED TO DIAGNOSE, TREAT, CURE, OR PREVENT ANY DISEASE. THE DELTA-9 TETRAHYDROCANNABINOL CONTAINED IN THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT EXCEED 0.3% ON A DRY WEIGHT BASIS. DO NOT USE IF YOU ARE A PREGNANT, NURSING, SUFFERING FROM ANY MEDICAL CONDITIONS(S), OR ON MEDICATION. CONSULT YOUR HEALTHCARE PROVIDER BEFORE TAKING. KEEP OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN AND ANIMALS. THIS PRODUCT MAY IMPAIR YOUR ABILITY TO DRIVE OR OPERATE MACHINERY.

NIXODINE DISCLAIMER
Nixodine is for use by adult (21+) vapor consumers. Underage sale is prohibited. Not Intended for use by minors or pregnant women. Keep out of reach of children and pets. Nixodine is not intended for use in the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease. It is intended only as a satisfying alternative for adult vapor consumers. This is a finished product and should not be mixed with nicotine containing e-liquid. *Warning: Nixodine Could Be Habit Forming*